So, I just wanted to point you guys towards a few resources that I find really helpful when I'm doing
quick app releases.
And one of these things is called MockuPhone or MockuPhone.
I'm not quite sure how to pronounce it. But either way, it's a really cool website where you can insert
your screenshots into device mockups, so that you can put a frame of a device around your screenshots,
and you can upload that to make it look a little bit nicer, a little bit more pro.
So they have device frames for pretty much all the iOS devices
and it's a really useful tool when you're building a screenshots.
Now, the thing that you might think about at this stage, although, you should probably thought about this
slightly earlier is your app icons. In all the projects that we've been building,
you've been using app icons that we provided.
Now, in order to release your own apps, you'll need your own app icons. And one of the easiest ways to resize
those app icons for all the required sizes is using something called makeappicon.com.
So don't worry, all the links to the URLs are in the text box below this video.
But essentially, all you need to do is just throw an image in here.
And it goes in like toast.
So you just chuck it in and it goes in like so, and it starts baking
your app icon templates, and it creates all the different sizes that you need,
and you can just drag and drop them into your Xcode project.
So remember, your Xcode project in order for it to successfully be analyzed,
you need to provide app icons for all the required sizes.
And this bundle includes all of that.
So it's really, really useful and it's free,
so check it out.
And the last thing that I want to show you is something called Appsite and it's a really easy way of
creating a showcase page for your app.
And it's pretty self-explanatory and it makes it so much easier to build that showcase page.
All right.
So I hope that's given you a little bit more of an insight in how you can upload your apps and how
you can start getting your apps onto the app store and start making some money.
So if you guys have any other questions or want to ask about anything on this topic, you know what to
do.
Hit the comment section below this video and ask away.
So in the next module and our last module together, we are going to talk about where to go from here.
So we've built so many apps together,
what is the next step you in your journey of becoming a pro iOS developer.
So I'll see you there.